Inosuke!
Don't you dare get in the way of my dream!
Did you get stabbed?
I'm okay.
Just forget about that bastard!
I can't do that! I won't let him die!
If we don't chop this demon's head off soon,
we won't be able to make it!
I know! Let's get moving!
DREAM
No good! If I fall asleep now...
Damn you!
C'mon! Follow me!
Beast Breathing, Fourth Fang...
Slice 'n' Dice!
Father, please protect me!
I'm going to sever that bone...
with this blow!
Hinokami Kagura...
Clear Blue Sky!
MUGEN
EPISODE 6:
AKAZA
Hinokami Kagura...
Clear Blue Sky!
LOWER ONE
Because of its screams and tremors,
the train's turning over!
Are you okay, Inosuke?
H-Hey, is your belly okay?
Y-Yeah!
Inosuke, protect the passen—
I can't die.
If I die, that'll make him a murderer!
I can't die!
I don't want to let anyone die!
Are you okay, Santaro?
Hang in there!
I was lucky I could bounce
off the demon's flesh!
Cool, huh?
Is your belly okay?
Your belly that got stabbed!
I'm...
all right.
What about you?
Never felt better!
I didn't even catch a cold!
I won't be able to move for a while.
Help the others, will you?
Was anyone injured?
What about the engineer near the head?
It's okay if that bastard dies!
It's not okay.
He's the one who stabbed you
in the belly, remember?
He's got his leg stuck and can't move!
His leg's shattered,
and he can't walk anymore!
Just leave him there, and he'll die!
Then, he's already atoned for his sin.
Help him, will you?
Please.
I'll go for you, then!
Because I'm the boss!
Because my minion asked me to!
After I rescue him,
I'm going to pluck out all of that guy's hair!
That's really not necessary.
It's almost dawn.
Get your breathing under control.
We have to...
save the injured...
before it's too late.
Nezuko...
Zenitsu...
Rengoku...
I'm sure they're all safe!
You have to believe!
My body's disintegrating.
I can't regenerate.
Did I lose? Am I going to die?
Me?
Ridiculous.
Ridiculous!
I haven't been able to go all out!
I couldn't devour a single human!
My plan to fuse with the train and devour
humans en masse just went up in smoke!
And now, look what I've been reduced to!
After all the time and trouble I've taken!
It was him!
It's all his fault!
Even though I'd taken
200 humans hostage, still I struggled!
I was held at bay!
Is this the power of a Hashira?
And him... He was fast, too.
Even though he never broke
the spell completely!
Not to mention that girl!
She's a demon! What's that about?
A demon, joining forces
with Demon Slayers?
Why hasn't Master Muzan killed the traitor?
Dammit! Dammit!
In the first place...
it all started going downhill
once that brat broke my spell!
That brat is to blame!
I wish I could at least kill that brat! Somehow!
That's right, and that boar, too!
I could've at least killed that brat!
But that boar thwarted me.
His intuition is extraordinary.
He could sense my gaze!
Am I going to lose?
Am I going to die?
Oh, what a nightmare!
What a nightmare!
It's always the bottom-feeder demons
who get killed by the Demon Slayers.
In the Upper Ranks,
the same demons have remained
for the last few centuries.
They're strong enough to defeat Hashira
who've killed an untold number of demons.
Do they have otherworldly powers?
Even after receiving so much of his blood,
I couldn't reach the Upper Ranks!
I want to do it over!
What a miserable nightmare this is...
I see you've mastered
Total Concentration, Constant.
Impressive!
Rengoku...
After all, Constant is the first step
toward becoming a Hashira.
Although, there might be 10,000 steps
before you can become a Hashira.
I'll do my best.
You're bleeding from the abdomen.
You have to concentrate harder
and improve the precision of your breathing.
Make your nerves reach
every corner of your body.
There's a blood vessel.
A torn blood vessel.
Concentrate harder!
That's it. Stanch it.
Stop the bleeding.
Focus!
Great! Looks like you stopped it.
You'll be able to do all kinds of things
when you master breathing.
Not that you'll be able to do everything,
but you'll become a stronger version
of yourself than yesterday for sure.
Right.
Everyone's safe!
There are hordes of injured people,
but no one's life is in danger.
Don't strain yourself.
Take it easy and rest up.
Thank you very much.
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
MUGEN TRAIN ARC
UPPER THREE
Upper... Three?
What's he doing here and now?
Flame Breathing, Second Form...
Rising Scorching Sun!
That's a fine sword.
He sure can regenerate fast.
This heavy and overwhelming demon aura...
So, this is an Upper Rank.
I can't understand why you'd go
after a wounded person first.
He could get in the way
of the chitchat... of you and me.
What would you and I have to talk about?
I'm meeting you now for the first time,
but I already dislike you.
Is that right?
Well, I loathe weak humans, too.
The sight of a weakling
makes my skin crawl.
Then, it looks like our senses of value
are completely different.
All right, then I have
a brilliant proposal for you.
Why don't you become a demon, too?
I will not.
I can tell your strength at a glance.
You're a Hashira, aren't you?
Your fighting spirit
has been honed to the hilt.
It's close to the realm of the highest.
I'm the Flame Hashira, Kyojuro Rengoku.
I'm Akaza.
Kyojuro...
Let me tell you why you can't enter
the realm of the highest.
Because you're a human.
Because you're going to grow old.
Because you're going to die.
Become a demon, Kyojuro.
Do that, and you can go on training
for a hundred, for two hundred years.
You can become stronger.
Of all the demons that I've met until now,
he has the strongest scent of Kibutsuji!
I have to help him fight!
Both growing old and dying are part of the beauty
of being an ephemeral creature like a human.
The fact that we grow old and die
is what makes human life
so unbearably precious and noble.
"Strength" isn't a word
used to describe just the body.
This boy isn't weak!
Don't insult him.
I'll repeat it as many times as it takes.
You and I have different senses of value.
No matter what the reason,
I will not become a demon!
I see.
Technique Development...
Destructive Death... Compass Needle!
If you refuse to become a demon,
I'll kill you.
I can't follow their movements!
There were never any Flames
among all the Hashira I've killed until now.
And no one ever took me up
on my offer, either.
Why do you think that is?
As a fellow martial artist,
I just don't get it.
Not when only the chosen ones
can become demons!
Watching the hideous decline of someone
blessed with extraordinary powers...
It pains me! I can't bear it!
Die, Kyojuro...
while you're still young and strong.
Destructive Death...
Air Type!
I see.
Flame Breathing...
Fourth Form...
Blooming Flame Undulation!
When he strikes the air with his fist,
the attack will reach me here!
He can move
faster than the blink of an eye.
If I allow him to fight from a distance like this,
slicing his head off will be tricky.
In that case...
I'll just have to get up close!
This superb reaction speed of yours...
and these breathtaking sword skills
will be lost, too...
Kyojuro!
Doesn't that make you sad?
It happens to everyone!
It's a fact of life for any human!
Stay where you are!
If that wound reopens, it'll be fatal!
Stand back! That's an order!
Don't bother with that weakling, Kyojuro!
Come on, give me your best shot!
Concentrate on me.
Nice moves!
Rengoku!
Ol' Goggle-eyes!
Turn into a demon, Kyojuro.
Fight me forever
and get stronger together with me.
You have what it takes to do that!
I'll pass!
Let me repeat it. I don't like you!
I will not become a demon!
Flame Breathing...
Third Form...
Blazing Universe!
Magnificent! That's sensational!
Destructive Death...
Air Type!
There's no opening.
I can't jump in.
I can't keep up
with the speed of their movements!
Those two are in a different dimension!
Getting between them would only mean death!
I can feel it in my bones!
I can't move...
because I know that even if I jumped in
to back him up, I'd only be a hindrance to him!
Rengoku...
You still don't get it?
That if you continue attacking,
you're just getting closer to death, Kyojuro?
Flame Breathing, First Form...
Unknowing Fire!
It would be a shame to kill you now!
You haven't reached
your physical peak yet!
Second Form...
Rising Scorching Sun!
In a year or two, you'll have polished your skills
even more, and you'll have greater precision!
Third Form...
Blazing Universe!
Fourth Form...
Blooming Flame Undulation!
Destructive Death...
Fifth Form...
Flame Tiger!
Disorder!
Kyojuro!
Did he do it? Did he win?
Don't tell me...
No way!
Let's fight more.
Don't die on me, Kyojuro.
Rengoku!
Ol' Goggle-eyes!
Rengoku...
Rengoku!
NEXT
FINAL EPISODE
"SET YOUR HEART ABLAZE"
I...
I will fulfill my duty!